# Description
## Gate lock
Label: hardware

So close!!   You have landed.  Getting to the farm was no problem, but these poor, helpless, if not stunning creatures are trapped behind a gate and a fence. All that stands between you and your destiny is this contraption of earthly construction.  Though surely rudimentary, how do such things work?  You barely have experience with three dimensional objects, none the less physical matter  in this particular dimension's structure of forces. (Flag format is binary surrounded by CTF{...})

# Solution
The zip contains a folder with a bunch of files in them that I didn't recognize. It seems to be minecraft related as looking through some of the text files, I see mentions of obsidian, biomes, and other recognizable keywords. However the file format doesn't look like its for minecraft so after searching for `"world.mt" file` it appears that these are `minetest` files. So I downloaded minetest and opened up the world. There was error messages when I first laoded the map, so I had to install the `mescons` mod. After than everything loads properly and we are greeted with a world full of logic gates. It seems that this is a SAT problem and we need to flip the right switches.
Assuming the switches from left to right are `A - T`. The formula is `{[(B and not C) and (D or E)]} and {[(T and not K) and not (S or A)] and [(G and not F) and not (D or H)]} and {[(E or not M) and not (K and C)] and [(M or not E) and (D or not L)]} and not {[(N and F) or (O and G)] or not [(O or G) and (H and C)]} and {(J or not B) and [(L or not D) and (B or not J)]}` Rather than converting to CNF and solving it, it was easier to just reason backwards form the top down. Also the fact that I might have written it down wrong. Starting with the conjuctions then the working backwards quickly got the right switches. I also recommend finding a way to set the time to day permanently as I kept on having to type /time 12:00. The next part was the hardest as activating the switches did not appear to do anything. It took a while to figure out that the flag was the boolean value of the switches `CTF{01000010111001000001}` (which I noticed afterwards was mentioned in the description).